---
layout: post
title: gen
author: Gen Hoshino
---
The other day, I was playing a youtube playlist on my walk to school, I think it was a discover mix. Basically they just play music they think you'll like based on what you already like. "They" being the magical creatures sitting behind youtube's UI.

I came aross [Glitch](https://youtu.be/-xH_wmyWi5w?si=23LZwwOylkhaz2ow), which I instantly really enjoyed. I hit the little thumbs up button and carried on walking, making a mental note to come back to it at a later date. The note must have gotten lost somewhere, which is why a mental bulletin board is so useful.

Anyway, fast forward a few weeks, and another song pops up by the same artist on an autoplay after my existing Japanese music playlist. Out of mild curiostity, I went to the artist's page and found I'd already listened to one of his songs, so he must be pretty decent if my brain has flagged him straight away.

When I got home, I was in a music mood, so I opened up youtube and searched his name. To my surprise, I found [this](https://youtu.be/J0ben1SI4QY?si=NibxJBs9TgYuWmnd), a collaboration with my favourite artist at the moment, Louis Cole. Explains why I like him, he obviously has very good taste in drum sounds.

I went back and listened to Glitch, which had no featured artist, or anything particular in the song credits in the description under the video. The drums sounded very Louis Cole though, which was the whole reason my brain picked up the song the first time around. I was excited because I thought that maybe there's a Japanese drummer who sounds similar to Louis Cole.

Anyway, if you listen through to 1:40, it all makes sense. The drums are taken from a video from 2010, [Louis Cole Plays Some Drum N' Bass](https://youtu.be/lj10_Br86iI?si=8waYXXFNDl24Y-b4). The specific beat comes from 0:50 if you're interested.

Anyway, it was a fun journey to go on, over the course of an hour or so. I'll try and listen to more of Gen Hoshino's music, because it seems like he has a pretty good approach to music. And obviously good taste in musicians. Weirdly enough I also saw DJ Jazzy Jeff credited here and there on his newest album. Remember him?

It was also a little bittersweet, hearing something that sounded like Louis Cole, that turned out to just be Louis Cole. On one hand, it was cool to be able to listen to Japanese music with his sound signature, but a shame that it won't really lead far in terms of finding new artists. I guess the thing I like about Louis Cole is that he sounds so unique, but also it means I won't find anything else that sounds like him, for the same reason.