---
layout: post
title: When the war is over
author: nourished by time
---

[This](https://youtu.be/LXqhhtQlqVw?si=ECAAroAFSI6KnEMm) is something I found last year and really gravitated towards. It has a certain 90s feel to me, I'm not sure if that's actually correct. But the doubled vocals in a lower register. The quite heavy beat with a lot of subbass. The fact that it takes almost a minute for the intro is interesting too. The whole thing adds a lot of inertia and weight to the song. Tbh I'm not sure if inertia is the right word, but it's like a big heavy train that needs a lot of puff to get going.

The album, from last year, is stays pretty consistent to this sound, so go listen to that next if you enjoyed. It's called 'the passionate ones'. To be honest I don't think he's great at naming things, but I like the music

I like how it's sung in a register that I can mumble along to. I think weirdly it makes a song more likeable if you can sing it reasonably easy yourself. My favourite part is in the chorus when he says "And I'm only trying", it resolves a lot of tension nicely, but doesn't lose any momentum that's being built. 

I've learned recently that a lot of music composition is about building and releasing tension, whether that be by harmony, tempo, rhythm, etc. I guess the fun part is playing with tension in interesting ways.

A lot of my enjoyment from music comes from finding these little snippets, when I listen back to the same song, I'm waiting for that tension and it's resolution, knowing it will be satisfying. Another, very different example is from Cory Wong, [Today](https://youtu.be/jaTQNow5Pow?si=DHaOc8T6bsizfy4f). The main motif is usually by itself, with the backing beat coming in on 1. But at 2:22 they wait! It comes in on 2! Obviously perfectly in time, one thing I really like about Cory Wong is how tight the band plays. But see how you can just build this massive amount of tension by just being silent for a beat, cos they'd created expectations of coming in on the 1 throughout the whole track. Apparently they do it quite a lot, it's called the Bunker drop. I've watched too many of his music breakdown sessions...