---
layout: post
title: Midterm
---
I'm halfway through term at Japanese school, so we had midterm exams. There was a written exam on Thursday, then a conversation exam on Friday. Both were broadly in the 'fine' category, although I was a bit more shaky on the conversation exam, I just made a few silly errors, nothing major. I think it was more a result of me being bad at conversations, more than being bad at Japanese.

Other than that, went to play billiards the other day, that was fun. We played 3 games, first game I potted the black into the wrong pocket to lose, then the next 2 games I potted the black to win. So basically it was all about me and I was the main character for an hour.

Saturday I went to the beach with a friend, we went to Kamakura. It was a very solid beach day, got some swimming and lying in the sun in. Ate konbini snacks and tried not to get swooped on by falcons and crows. At least I think they were falcons. I'm not sure really. Anything's better than seagulls though.

Japanese people at the beach don't seeem to like swimming much. Can't say it really surprises me though. It's the best thing about the beach though. When I went to bed that night my body still felt like it was riding waves.

Apparently there was an earthquake the other day but I don't think I felt it. Sometimes I felt a bit of gentle rocking, but I'm not sure if that was just from a train passing, or feeling dehydrated, or indeed a small earthquake tremor. I still haven't had a "oh, that was definitely an earthquake" experience yet, which is slightly disappointing. Didn't even get drowned by a tsunami when I went to the beach.

Also went to karaoke the other day. It was fun, but I'm bad at singing. Everyone says that it doesn't matter how good you are, you just have to have fun with it and give it a go, so I tried to do that.

Been trying to decide what to do with my summer. I don't really have that much motivation to travel at the moment, so I think I'll stay in Tokyo, maybe move into a sharehouse which would be cheaper, and I might also take another term at Japanese school. Not all confirmed yet but that's probably what I'll do.

Plan is to either come back October, or stay until November to see another friend. I'm currently on the fence. I may not decide until a bit later.