---
layout: post
title: karaoke
---

Last week or so have been pretty good, been fairly busy hence no update for a while.

First with some fun admin news, I've arranged a sharehouse to move into in July. It's in Nihonbashi, near Akihabara. There's supposed to be a 50/50 international/Japanese split, which will hopefully encourage me to practice my Japanese speaking more. It's probably my weakest suit at the moment.

I got my test results back from midterms, dropped a couple of marks from silly mistakes but otherwise all good. 245/250 so can't complain. I think the marking criteria for the speaking exam was fairly lenient though, because I made quite a few mistakes which I had to correct myself on.

Paying my fees and first month's rent for the sharehouse was fairly interesting. They don't accept international bank transfers, so I had to pay by cash at a convenience store. You give them a bardcode, which gives them the transaction information, then you just hand over the cash to the cashier, which eventually ends up in the hands of the sharehouse company somehow. I found it very strange. Was also scary having to go to the ATM, withdraw around £300 worth of cash from two separate accounts due to withdrawal limits, then cross the road to hand it over to the cashier. Always feels a bit stressful paying that much in cash instead of online. I wonder if older generations have the opposite feeling? I guess making large payments of any kind can be stressful.

Went to karaoke a few times recently, once with a friend and his Japanese friend, once with a group of people from school. Was definitely better with a bigger crowd, and we spent more time there too. I hope to go again soon. Again it really just feels like being a student again, not that I did much of this at uni.

Also went and played football as usual on Sunday, but this time at a different place. It was fun but very tiring, and I feel like I've gotten worse at football. Maybe the overall standard is just higher than I was expecting.

Also played some ping pong. That was pretty fun, but the guys there were really good. Maybe I'll go play with school friends next time, and wipe the floor with them.

I might be forgetting a few things, been a while since my last update. But overall weather is getting warmer gradually, my Japanese is dandan improving, and I'm working my way back into semi-respectable shape. I am getting more lazy with laundry though so I need to tighten the screws a bit there. I also think I'm gonna just fail with trying to get used to natto.

Yesterday at lunch my friend had 19 plates when we went for sushi. for context I had 8.



