---
layout: post
title: Sunday again
author: me again
---

So back to writing this on a Sunday, good job Timin. I've come back from football and shower, now making dinner which is rice pickle cucumber and aji fry.

Football was decent. Our team was rubbish, no one running for the ball or tracking back. And generally lacking quality. The weather was pretty English, drizzly and cool. Meant the ball was skidding a *lot*. Very humid and muggy which made me feel hot and sweaty. It was only about 20 degrees but I was sweating more than when I was playing in 30 degree dry conditions. I quite like the damp weather though, it has a peaceful feeling to it. I'm proud of myself though because the team was rubbish but I still managed to have fun. Although in my last game some guy fouled me once (I played on because I'd dribbled past him and threaded a nice through pass), then later just shoved me into one of his teammates who had no choice but to clatter into me. I was seething but luckily kept my cool. It's mixed level 5-a-side man, why are you employing the dark arts like that? 

One sec I need to check the rice.

Ok rice was nearly done so I started cooking the fish, now it's ready. I'll continue once I've eaten.

Finished dinner now. It was good if not particularly interesting. I bought some tonkatsu sauce, the type you get served with your katsu curry. It makes a big difference. Also the pickles are nice, I bought the orange ones, I think it's daikon. Again, it's the same as the ones that are on the table at coco ichi. I really like coc ichi by the way, I probably just fancied that when I was shopping for my dinner earlier today.

The last week or so, mainly just cracking on with school. I had my mock jikoshoukai (self introduction), where we have to give a 3-5 minute talk with some slides. I managed to do it from memory with only a few mistakes and omissions, and the real test is this coming Friday so I'm feeling fairly comfortable with it. Got a few laughs from the audience too which is the main motivator.

Also went to eat shabu shabu which is like hotpot. You order the broth and then it's all you can eat meat. You just order it as you go, then cook it at the table. There's also a buffet area with veg and noodles and so on, again you bring it to the table and cook as you go. It was good but I'd been feeling anxious that day so my appetite was down quite a lot. It's a bit annoying because things like cooking and shopping and exercising become harder, so I have to be careful I don't get sick or something. It's easier if I'm living with someone because I can fall back on them for a few days to, say, cook the meals so I get good nutrition while I wait to feel better. That being said, I can sometimes feel guilty about that which makes me feel worse, wherease by myself I have to take some accountability, and sometimes what makes me feel better is just getting on with things and achieving small wins like going to the shops or hoovering.

I'm trying to get better at dealing with it in general, and I think I'm making improvements, like using anxiety as a fuel for action instead of something to quell or wait out. Trying to listen to what my brain is trying to tell me, and moving towards that objective. Like earlier in my stay I was getting stressed out. I think I was missing football, so I decided to look for pickup games. Seems obvious but sometimes I'm bad at knowing what I want in life and my brain has to do all this jiggery-pokery to help me figure it out. Anyway, found a game, had fun and have been going every week since and enjoying it. There's obviously loads of sciences about how exercise is good for the mental, but football is extra good because it's exercise plus social which is like a combo multiplier.

Ok next I'm going to talk about happiness hangovers. Sorry this post has gone a bit off the rails, wasn't initially intending to go down a mental health rabbit hole but here we are. I really am just writing down what comes into my head, which hopefully is what makes these good, if you even think they are good. Even if not, I find it fun.

So I was listening to a podcast from Louis Cole and Suzie Collier, where Cole talked about what he called a *happiness hangover*. There may be a science word that means the same thing, idk. Basically he talked about how whenever he had a good day or did something fun, he knew the next day he'd feel really sad. He said that once he realised that, he just sort of accepted it and could carry on with things, instead of having a big fuss over why he was sad. Or something like that, it was a while ago that I listened to it. But anyway, I found it helpful, same thing happens to me sometimes and I think in the past I'd get too worked up about it.

I think one of the reasons I like his music is his brain seems to work similarly to mine. Similar sense of humour, apparently similar emotional compass. I tend to identify with his lyrics, like talking about finding beauty in nothingness and emptiness, especially in a world that increasingly seems to be filling in the gaps, and illuminating the shadows. I'm not sure if this is correct, or even close, but I reckon that's why people tend to identify with certain art or artists, not because of the absolute quantifiable measure of skill in their field, but because there's some emotional connection, or some expression of thought that they are able to convey through whatever medium it is.

Maybe most people don't experience these hangovers, maybe they do, I'm not sure. But he's the first person I've heard to describe it like this, which makes me think it's not so common? Anyway, I found it interesting. Last Sunday after football I was in a great mood, had fun playing, the team was good, had some nice chats with teammates, went to bed happy. I kind of knew it would happen, but Monday I was in a rubbish mood. Sad at class, indifferent about lunch, angry as I was walking home. Just how it is I guess. Don't think anthing caused it or anything. 

I think it's to do with how our emotions and stuff are just comparative, they're not absolute. Like you just compare yourself to your recent past. So being happy one day kind of means there's nowhere to go but down? I'm ending a lot of these sentences with question marks because I'm pretty much guessing.

This is running a bit late, I need to go to bed soon. I have a few thoughts to wrap up though so let me try and be quick.

1. I'm a very emotional person, not sure if that's obvious or surprising to people. In the past I've always tried to be as level as possible and not be too high or too low, but that doesn't usually work because I can snap or get depressed or something. Getting older I think I'm getting better at responding to my emotions better in a positive way. Still want to get better though.
2. I've been learning a bit more over the last maybe year or two about how the brain works. How emotions work and why they exist, it's pretty interesting. I used to avoid it because I thought it was girly nonsense when I was a kid, but these days I'm learning how important it is.
3. I like that I'm pretty emotional and sensitive. It definitely has its drawbacks, for me especially social anxiety holds me back a lot. But overall I think it's made me who I am, made me interesting (at least I think so), it motivates me to strive for cool things. E.g. I'm in Japan learning Japanese and I don't think I'd have the drive for it if my brain wasn't wired like it is. When I'm in a comfortable social setting it helps me be funny, I can pick up on little details or behaviours and I find it very fun when I meet other people who pick up on the same things. I think it's one of the reasons I like hanging out with my brother, we know eachother well so sometimes someone will say or do something, and we'll both react the same way.
4. It can be a somewhat lonely existence though, feel like I haven't really met anyone in real life similar to me. Maybe I will one day, maybe not. Maybe I'm not good enough at learning how other people's brains work, and have met plenty of like minded individuals but just didn't realise. Kind of relates to the next point:
5. One big goal of mine at the moment is to get better at interacting with people, especially new people. I often find I take ages to warm to someone, by which time maybe one of us has moved on in life. For example with Japanese school friends, I'm only recently starting to feel really comfortable and like we're all getting on. In a few weeks term will end and most of them will have gone back to their own countries. It would be nice if I was able to speed up that process of a person going from a stranger to a friend. I think my social skills have gotten quite a lot better through my late 20s, and well done for that Timin, good job. But I still feel a way off where I'd like to be.
6. I'm also trying to be better at noticing and positive progress I've made. Can you tell?

Anyway, that's probably enough waffle. I may continue this another day as there's still a few things on my mind. Hope you found this one interesting. If you managed to read the whole bloody thing.