---
layout: post
title: "Exercise: part 1"
nav: false
---

So one thing I've been trying to figure out whilst I'm in Japan is what I'll do for exercise. This is roughly what I've surmised:

- Hard to train strength, esp legs and pulling
- Need to train mobility more
- Fix a few injuries/imbalances

More specifically, my shoulders and lower back have been problem areas for me for ages, would be nice to make them un-problems.

So need to work on scapular retraction control and stability, through exercises such as:
- Wall slides
- scapular push ups
- Scapular CARs (rotations)
- Banded pull-aparts
- Punching my enemies in the face

Similarly to improve my lower back, need to work on core stability, specifically anti-flexion and anti-rotation. 
Sometimes if I'm picking up heavy weights in the gym my back can twinge cos it's weak and injured all the time.
Also when I'm playing football I can't always run full speed under contact cos I don't trust my stability against external forces.
Also because I'm a lazy bones I sit too much so I have a decent amount of boring stiffness. 
Throw anterior pelvic tilt in there too, and glute inactivity. Why not.

Exercises:
- Plank
- Side plank
- Single leg: squat/ glute bridge / split squat
- Dead bug

In terms of fun stuff, I want to be able to touch my toes. It's been an off/on goal for ages, but it's a primary goal for Japan. 
Shouldn't be too hard if I focus on it for a bit. I have issues with nerve tension though, which I'm less experienced in fixing. 

Exercises:
- Sciatic nerve glides
- Jefferson curls
- Hamstring stretches
- Calf stretch
- Spine flexion exercises like L sit or easier variations


Already quite a lot right? Also plan to do some basic calisthenics exercises for strength, when equipment is available.
- Pushups
- Pullups
- Squats

Nothing fancy, just build and maintain strength to a certain degree.



### Training style

I'm going to opt for a kneesovertoes/bioneer style of training, focussing on movement, blood flow, avoiding going too intense.
Apparently this can help with down regulating the nervous system, which hopefully helps my flexibility training.
I noticed when I was at uni, I got a bit more flexible from playing sports followed by a basic stretching routine.
This was probably because I was getting loads of that movement and blood flow, without too much stress to give tension.


May also include running/sprinting into my routine depending on how I progress. Probably a good idea.

For those wondering I'm currently at 6'2 72kg. No idea if I'll gain or lose weight, but I'll try and eat healthy, esp from April onwards.
Maybe depends how tasty the food is. Height will probably stay the same.