---
layout: post
title: Not sure
author: me
---

This week has been less eventful it felt. Looking back on last week's post I'll update from there.

I got a haircut. It's fine, a bit scruffy and not much shorter than before. Mainly though just wanted to get rid of some of the bulk, which has worked out. It was starting to grow sideways rather than down. I still want to work towards getting my hair long enough to donate again, but I'm not sure if I'll have the patience to let it get that long. As opposed to before, I'd still like to look somewhat presentable in the meantime. The other option would be to just revert to my old short hair which is objectively better but also less fun.

I went to Akihabara, it was fun. Was nice going with someone who knew the lay of the land, so we could just go from place to place without having to stand around figuring things out much. I bought a pokemon game for the switch, as well as an old DS game in Japanese. I've learned that the 3DS is region locked but the regular DS isn't. It means I'll have to get a Japanese 3DS if I want to play the 3DS games in Japanese. I'll try and go to Akihabara again one day to find a 3DS, and continue collecting games. I also got a Japanese version of ace attourney 2. I've never played it before so should be fun. Not sure when I'll get round to playing it though, might need to get better at the language first.

During the week I don't think I got up to much. Went to the gym a few times which was quite good. I'm realising how much weaker I've gotten though. It's a fairly normal gym, although the safeties are mandatory with the barbell, which is annoying for bench press, and might hinder my squat too. When I did legs the room was too warm and I was feeling dizzy so skipped squats. We'll see next time though. I think I'll do 1 upper 1 lower in the gym, then a couple of park exercise sessions. That should be enough. May do a bit of jogging too while I'm in the park.

Breakfast I've been having cereal, although today for the first time I had fish and rice which was actually really nice. The annoying thing is that most cereals are pretty sugary which I feel gives me a bit too much of a spike too early. Especially if I'm having it with fruit. So I may switch to a more balanced rice/fish/veg/yoghurt/fruit breakfast instead. If I can manage it, of course. May be a bit tricky before school if I'm fitting in exercise too.

It's the first round of the NBA playoffs at the moment, which I've been trying to keep up with. The basketball playoffs are pretty good, some of the games are on prime which is nice too. I can watch highlights on youtube otherwise. So far I've enjoyed:
- Lakers Rockets
- Wolves Nuggets
- Knicks Hawks
- Pistons Magic

My shopping list is growing a bit too. I'd like to get a few things from Muji, seems like they have nice stuff. My blue trousers have needed replacing for about 2 years now and I still haven't done it. Saw some nice linen trousers in Muji that weren't too expensive, which might be useful for the summer. Also some of my socks are starting to disintegrate so might be a good idea to repace them.

School is also steadily progressing. I'm picking up a few new words here and there but a lot of it I know already. Grammar wise, I'm starting to get the hang of short form conjugations, which I've never really studied before. The one that's a bit tricky is past positive, but that's similar to te-form so hopefully I'll get the hang of it soon. Long form is easy now. I'm gradually getting slightly more confident with speaking, although I'm still noticing I have to think a lot about what I'm saying. It's probably partly just me being overly cautious and analytical though. Had a bit of a chat with the hairdresser, just basics like where I'm from and what I'm doing here, a few things where she said stuff and I just didn't understand at all, but that's ok. She was very friendly, like everyone has been here so far.

I'm working towards reading manga too, feel like it would be a good way of practicing. The tricky thing will be finding something at the right level though, and something interesting. I'm thinking to start with a shonen jump something, I think that'd be the right level. But should I read something I've seen before like Naruto, where I know I'll like it, or try something new, and risk not enjoying it? Not sure. I wander if doubling up will make watching the anime more insightful or easier, or teach me vocab specific to the show, or if it will just be overly repetetive...

When I sat down to write this I didn't really have much to say, feel like things have been pretty quiet. But here we are, somehow managed to trick you into reading all this nonsense.
