---
layout: post
title: Dance off
nav: false
---

Does anyone remember The Simpsons Game? It was great but I only had it on PS2, which I don't have anymore. I should try and get it on PS3 cos I never finished it and it was a good game. At the end you do a dance off with god, that's the final boss fight, but I never completed that level.

I think when I was a kid I'd more easily just get roadblocked by tough levels. Same thing happened with another favourite, Lord of the Rings, Return of the King. Me and my brother got stuck on Shelob's lair because we kept getting lost, so we never completed the game. I played it a few years ago and, not being a 10 year old, completed it pretty quickly, maybe over the course of a weekend. It's nice going back on games like that, they felt more tactile than current games. You can quite easily finish the whole thing, and be able to move onto the next game. They feel denser and richer as a result, because they're not trying to pad out 100 hours worth of your gameplay time. I don't have that kind of time anymore so it's nice when I come across a game that's shorter.

The funny thing is my favourite game is probably the Witcher 3, which is easily the longest game I've ever played. But now every game is trying to be that, and there's just never enough time in my life to immerse myself as fully into every game. I spent like a year and a half trying to finish the witcher, and that included me playing for hours every day while I was on holiday at uni.

I've played a few shorter games in recent years, not necessarily as old as PS2 era games either. Games like titanfall 2, ratchet and clank, portal 1 and 2. They're gems of games that I can replay if I want because they don't feel like massive endeavours. Also games like that would take less time to make, and so less money. I really don't get the strategy with modern games, spent tonnes of time and money to make bloated, undercooked slogs that no one has the time or patience for, in the hopes of catching lightning in a bottle. 

Also put some effort into your stories please.

The new Pokémon game is only coming out on switch 2. I feel like I just got the switch 1! Oh well, I can wait I suppose. Also Pokeopia came out recently, also on switch 2, but apparently it's really good. I guess I should finish what I've got before worrying about that though. Looking forward to playing zelda 1, finishing pokemon scarlet (which kinda sucks), and playing persona 5.

I did enjoy the Oblivion remaster when it came out too, even though objectively it wasn't that good. It was way too demanding on my PC to the point where I probably would've had better performance playing the original on high settings. I was barely getting 60 frames with min settings on the remaster. My GPU isn't that bad guys come on... It's just 5 years old surely it should still be ok.

Not enough people have played the first 2 witcher games imo. They're incredible. Have similar story-telling gravity that the third one does, but without all the fancy graphics and slick combat. But who cares, the first game is so charming and rich that you don't really need flashy combat. Also the combat that does exist is so bad it becomes funny. I spent like 10 minutes before I was able to get an attack off because it was so clunky and unintuitive. But it's simple once you've got the hang of it.

For the last day or so Dy-na-mi-tee has been in my head, from FIFA 03. Great song that. Simpler times.