---
layout: post
title: Bonus episode
author: me again
---
Yesterday was my birthday, was pretty chilled. Went to Japanese class in the morning, then teishoku lunch. Accidentally fell asleep in the afternoon so I missed gym, then wandered around town for a bit, found a 30% off steak so had that for dinner and watched lord of the rings for the millionth time. It was fun. 

It was nice to see some birthday messages come through too from friends and family, so thanks to everyone for their wishes, it means a lot.

Wednesday is Showa day, the emporer's birthday, so we got the day off school. Watched the new mario film, it was decent. Apparently the first one was better but I haven't seen it. 

I've spent a bit of time thinking about what it's been like here, and what I might want to do in the future. Overall I really like Tokyo, it feels to me like a very frictionless city, there doesn't seem to be much to worry about while I'm here. Food is cheap, transport is excellent, there's plenty of things to do. It's taken me a while to settle into what I want from the city though. It's weird, back home I don't really interact with the outside world much, preferring to find quiet places and moments when I can. It makes me wonder if I should have just moved out to the countryside to get away from it all. But then I would be cut off from a lot, such as language classes. Also any form of social circle, diverse culture, the more I think about it the more I'd miss. But to balance it, I'd be able to just walk around and be at peace my whole life. But then is anyone really ever at peace? Partly just watching the beggining of the fellowship of the ring when they're in the shire, makes you feel like it's the perfect type of place to live. But I think you'd have to be prepared to sacrifice a lot from life to attain it.

Japan has a feeling of peace about it. Even in bustling cities, you find so many pockets of quiet. Where I live, even though it's near the train tracks, is so quiet and relaxed, because it's a residential block. 2 minutes walk and you're back on the main road and it's really busy again. I really like it. I suppose in London you get that too, like my home road is usually quiet, but it feels like I'm further from a bustling city, having to travel further distances to get to interesting places. And having to spend more money to do so. Goes back to Japan feeling more frictionless in comparison. Most of the time back home I convince myself out of going out and about, for example shopping because online tends to be cheaper and easier, and the shops are far and busy. Here though, I feel like I can hop into Shinjuku or Akihabara, wander around at a relaxed pace, and not feel bad if I didn't find anything.

This is probably also just because I'm on holiday and I have more time for everything. Maybe I should start an experiment where I affix a 9-5 schedule for a week, and see how much more stressed out and time pressured I feel.

I'm also enjoying living by myself. One motivation for this trip was to figure out how I'd find it living alone, and so far it's nice. There are some drawbacks, and I'm helped by a social life at school preventing me from feeling isolated, but the general routine of shopping, cooking, cleaning, washing has been quite enjoyable. My brother says he actually enjoys doing routine chores, and I'm starting to see what he means. It's somewhat meditative.

Speaking of, last year I started trying to get into meditation as a practice, and I haven't really been able to make it stick. I always feel like my day is racing away from me, with language study and certain youtube videos I feel I *have* to watch (obviously I don't), and sports highlights I want to catch up with, then also leaving time to make progress on some of the shows I'm watching, so I have something to talk about with friends, playing video games, which take so much longer to complete than they used to. Cooking and cleaning etc too. Adding meditation to the list feels almost counterintuitive from that perspective. I suppose the solution is to reduce the other stuff, maybe make some sacrifices somewhere. Or treat chores as meditation. Try and reach a point where I'm less stimulated by things, and needing stimulation less. 

I think in the modern digital age a lot of us struggle with this, and having varying levels of success in dealing with it. We've essentially conquered boredom as a society, which is cool but we end up down an endless tunnel of content to consume. There's just more stuff than there is time to enjoy it all.

I'm still trying to figure out what to do in the summer. I've been thinking that I still don't have a great feel for what life is like for Japanese people, and haven't really met Japanese people other than in passing. Maybe my summer should be to try and work on that. Not sure how good my language skills will be by then. I guess at a certain point you've got to just give it a go right, because that's how you get good. When I went for my haircut it made me feel like I was still a decent way off. I could say bits and bobs, but at times I was just clueless. 



