---
layout: post
author: me
title: legs hurt
---
I've been getting into a bit of a routine now, I've been here long enough. Started exercising in parks but taking a long time to recover afterwards, because of how long it's been since I exercised, especially legs. It's ok though, I can just build up frequency over time.

Other than that, been getting into the school routine. Usually lunch afterwards with classmates, we've gotten to eat at a nice variety of restaurants in the Takedanobaba area. Classes are still pretty easy, but I'm trying to get better with my writing and reading.

Went on a school trip to Shinjuku Gyoen park. I've been there a couple of times already, but it was good to go again. The azaleas were out so it was nice seeing those. The bushes are really nicely maintained, very neat and round.

I've been cooking a bit too, mostly stir fry noodle, or rice and meat and veg. That sort of thing. I've only got a hob and a microwave and kettle, so I'm keeping it simple for the most part. Last few days I've been a bit tired and not really wanting to cook, so sometimes I'll buy a thing of sushi or make some instant noodles and other bits. 

I've signed up for a football match in a few weeks, need to buy some shoes for it, and get my fitness up a bit too. Should be fun hopefully.

Planning to go to Akihabara, I've got a plan to get all the pokemon games frm the DS era in Japanese, might be a fun way to do language practice.

Not really too much else going on, school has been surprisingly tiring so I've found I want to just go home and relax when I get back in the late afternoon. Mornings are getting more productive though, I'm waking up earlier and getting exercise done before school. Initially I was struggling because I was getting too stressed about getting to school on time, so I wasn't getting much done. But now I can go out to the park, do some exercise, have breakfast and do my Japanese study before school, then have less to do when I get back.

Want to start doing a short revision session in the evenings, apparently it helps your brain memorise things better if you study before bed, because overnight the brain commits things to memory. Would be nice if I actually remembered some of what I've been learning...

I also bought a new mechanical pencil. They're wasted on me because I'm not an architect or artist who could appreciate the difference between a good and a bad pencil, but I like them and think they're cool. I'm not somone who spends much on merchandise or luxuries, so I'll forgive myself a pencil here and there.

Lastly, I need a haircut.

