---
layout: post
title: Natto and trying new things
nav: false
---

A few small thoughts since arriving yesterday.

I'm exhausted, mainly from little sleep and poor nutrition, but also everything is just very new and different at the moment. Tried to make a cup of tea but couldn't figure out the kettle. Don't get me started on the toilets.

I tried natto for the first time this morning at breakfast. Did not enjoy it. Initially I was like oh yeah this is a bit funky but it's alright. But it's just really strong and I couldn't finish the whole pot. Thought having it with rice would make it easier, but it didn't reallly. 

So there's 2 things that put people off about natto: flavour and texture. I didn't mind the texture other than it was a bit annoying, it's *very* sticky. There are little tendrils between the beans that you can't really sever, I noticed a few more experienced eaters at breakfast twirl it around their chopsticks. Somone else just dumped it into their miso soup. 

I didn't like the flavour though. Just tasted like wet socks, and not in the good way. I do want to try and get a taste for it, cos it's probably like kimchi or other fermented things where it just takes a bit of time to get used to, then you start growing to like it. It also had a little soy sauce packet which didn't do much to help matters.

Breakfast was a buffet, and really quite nice. You can get a little plate with 6 sections to try small bites of things, and lots of it was good. I wasn't super adventurous because I get a bit wobbly feeling after flying for so long, and didn't want to be sick. Also I'm here for 2 weeks so plenty of time to go around and see what I like. here's what I ate for breakfast on day 2:
- Beef and vegetable stir fry dish
- Tofu and greens salad
- Pumpkin croquette
- Sui mai
- Natto
- Scrambled eggs
- Bacon
- Rice
- Apple juice
- Milk bread
- "Danish pastry"
- Little mochi thing that I forget the name of
- Orange
- Lychee
- Fromage cheesecake (name seems a bit redundant but it was good)
- Aloe vera jelly
- Yoghurt
- Little chocolate cake/brownie
- Water

Most of it was really nice, highlights include the pumpkin croquette, aloe vera and the tofu salad.

I think I've finally figured out the kettle. Took me 3 cups of tea, a google lens support, and about 20 attempts but we got there in the end.